I think, for the purposes of this book, I'd like to describe the labor of developing software. I like to think of it as a trade. Developing sophisticated software can be analogous to building a city. It takes a lot of different people with a lot of different skills. Over time the components can degrade and need to be updated or replaced.

This book will be designed to be continuously updated. Delivered to anyone who wants it, free of charge. It *should* contain most topics relating to the crazy broad world of application development. A likely exception will probably end up being mobile development as I simply don't have experience in that world.

The sections of this book won't be exhaustive. They are meant to expose topics with enough details to get dangerous. The point being that developers might not know where to begin with these topics. I'll be putting in links on further reading in each section. The goal is slightly deeper than surface knowledge on a large number of topics.

Something else I'd like to mention is that I'll be using the word engineer occasionally as part of titles or roles. There exist countries where calling yourself a Software Engineer or a Quality or Systems Engineer is illegal because engineer is a protected title. You are required to get a state sponsored license to call yourself an engineer. Ignoring the fact that such a licenses don't exist and would be insane to, if you live in one of these locations, mentally replace the titles I use with appropriate local ones.
